# Overview

This is a fangame of SuperTux and SuperTux Advance. In this game, you play as Tux and speedrun your way through terribly-designed levels!

# How to execute the program

Open the `TuxPlanetSpeedrunAnyPercent.html` file in a web browser.

# Licensing

##### Programming

The source code of this game is licensed under AGPL 3.0. However, note that it uses dependencies and other assets that are licensed under different licenses.

This game uses Bridge.NET to compile the C# code into javascript. Bridge.NET is licensed under the Apache License Version 2.0. See https://github.com/dtsudo/Bridge.NET for more details about Bridge.NET.

##### Font

The font used by this game was generated by metaflop. (See http://www.metaflop.com/modulator for more details about metaflop.) As the website notes: "All outline-based fonts (webfonts or otf) that are generated with this project are licensed under the SIL Open Font License v1.1 (OFL). This means that you can freely use and extend the fonts and also use them commercially. Any derivative work has to be made freely available under the same license."

##### Images

Image files were created by:
* FrostC
* Kelvin Shadewing
* Kenney
* KnoblePersona
* Nemisys

See the `Data/Images/` folder for more details -- a `license.txt` file is located in each subfolder.

##### Sound effects

Sound effects were created by:
* Basto
* Kenney
* Little Robot Sound Factory
* Some sound effects were copied from the SuperTux codebase (sound effects created by Some_Person, wansti)

See the `Data/Sound/` folder for more details -- a `license.txt` file is located in each subfolder.

##### Music

Music tracks were created by:
* Jason Lavallee
* wansti

See the `Data/Music/` folder for more details -- a `license.txt` file is located in each subfolder.

# How to compile the source code

This game is written in C# so you need to have .NET installed.

The game uses Bridge.NET to transpile the C# code into javascript. Compile the code using `MSBuild`:

* `"MSBuild.exe" "./Source code/TuxPlanetSpeedrunAnyPercent.sln"`

This will generate the transpiled javascript files in `Source code/TuxPlanetSpeedrunAnyPercent/bin/Debug/bridge/`

We also need the font, image, and audio files:

* Copy the `Data` folder to `Source code/TuxPlanetSpeedrunAnyPercent/bin/Debug/bridge/`

Then, to run the game, simply run `Source code/TuxPlanetSpeedrunAnyPercent/bin/Debug/bridge/TuxPlanetSpeedrunAnyPercent.html` in a web browser.
